Missing form types (#1719)
PrestaShop/docs: development/components/form/types-reference/entity-search-input-type.md

---
title: EntitySearchInputType
---

# EntitySearchInputType

> This form type is used for a OneToMany (or ManyToMany) association, it allows to search a list of entities (based on a remote url) and associate it. It is based on the CollectionType form type which provides prototype features to display a custom template for each associated items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This form type is used for an OneToMany (or ManyToMany) association, it allows to search a list of entities (based on a remote URL) and associate it. It is based on the CollectionType form type which provides prototype features to display a custom template for each associated item.
```
